 To be in a blog post:
To Roam or Not To Roam?
Dogs like to enjoy free time, but one thing that is more important for them is to be with their master, or their family. Dogs are pack animals so they thrive within a pack or even a mixed human-dog pack. Even if you are unable to play with your dog all the time, dogs love being around their master. For example, if you work on the computer, your dog just wants to hang out together. A dog’s master is a dogs whole universe. 

A dog waits for his master to come home and take him for a walk. A dog can wait all day and they livve for the moment when they get to be with their guardian again. If you go to work for eight hours and leave your dog at home, you don’t need to feel guilty because dogs sleep more hours than humans. We are lucky if we sleep five to six hours a night but dogs sleep fifteen to twenty hours throughout the day and night; not continuously, but they sleep that many hours. A healthy adult dog is able to hold his pee for eight to twelve hours.

The other day someone called us and asked for a puppy. The person on the phone told me he has ten acres which leaves plenty of room for a dog to roam. Dogs don’t really care that much about roaming when compared to horses. Most dogs are OK in an apartment, if their guardian takes them out at least twice a day for a walk. Dogs want to be with you, as a part of the family. This is why many police officers and security guards take their service dogs home. On top of this, their dogs give extra protection at home, hahaha.


 On the other hand, locking dogs in a kennel full-time or chaining a dog to the doghouse isn't a good idea. The dogs will become depressed because they are missing human or other dog interaction. Another potential problem that may occur is that they will get over-aggressive from frustration from his caged life.


 Separate blog post:
 Raw Diet vs Processed Diet
If your selected breeder feeds their dogs kibble, you should run away. Kibble is known to cause various health problems. Before dog food was invented, dogs didn’t have cancer, epilepsy, seizures, bloated stomachs, depression, mental problems, brain damage, loss of orientation, allergies, skin problems and any other health problems. Wild wolves and coyotes still don’t have any of the problems listed above. The one differentiation between wild dgos and family dogs is that wild dogs don’t eat kibble. Where does the problem lie? The answer is: commercial dog food.

When I think of kibble, I consider it to be on the same level as garbage. Would you serve a plate of garbage to your best friend? I wouldn't. Since your dog is your best friend, actually even better than a best friend because dogs love unconditionally, I think that our dogs should be treated with the same amount of thought as a best friend.  

 For those who don’t believe that all commercial dog food is nothing more than garbage which is made of human waste, road kill and sick animals, sawdust, rocks, sand and mud from the river as a filler (so it weighs more), search YouTube using these keywords “dog food rendering”. You will find more than a dozen videos about dog food and the processes that it goes through. Dog food manufacturers lie to us. They can do whatever they want because nobody controls them. They are ruled by money rather than helping your pet. 

 They should be all put behind the bars for what they do to our dogs. You should ask yourself these questions: How many recalls occurred? How many dogs have died? They brainwash their customers into buying their "special" food with flashy commercials full of bull and lies. Watch all the videos so that you're informed.


https://www.facebook.com/poundpatrol/posts/2628279674107623
Yes go ahead and put something like that on blog. It’s important. I am telling people who purchase a puppy from me about that, mainly because there is a 2 type of hip dysphasia, one is inherited and other one is created by new guardian of the puppy, because he over exercising him